### The problem
So my students are mostly awesome. We have come a long way. When we started most of them never having written any JavaScript. In the last few weeks they have been working on their final projects. One thing that they haven't had a lot of experience with is how to put a whole project together. So we broke them into team and they are coming up with their own product to show future employers. It has been great except one thing. They haven't been making great progress. Now I've read a little about behavioral economics and the truth is people need some kind of motivation. In Dan Ariely's book Predictably Irrational he even speaks of setting short term deadlines in order to motivate people. So I came up with a plan to help the class along. I proposed that we have the students do showcases every few days. They are expected to have a feature or two in their production environment for each of the showcases (one happens on Sunday and the other on Thursday). 
### Solution
The results have been amazing. One thing that I saw regularly before having showcases were people getting distracted with things that weren't that important, and a problem with people figuring out what are the most important parts first. That no longer seems to be a problem. People are working hard and trying things. They have all come up with an MVP so far and are now working to iterate on their problems rather than build it in pieces (front end first and then integrating that with the back end). It's nice to see some of the agile practices in full play working out effectively.
